Ink and Scorn, 

Another day in this wretched existence of mine. Today we found ourselves in the belly of hell—literally. If you told me I'd be on a molten cruise with a bunch of halfwits, I'd have laughed in your face. But here I am, toasting my hooves in the infernal waves of Phlegethos. The blood rain? Lovely touch. Really adds to the ambiance. Whatever happened to a nice downpour of ale?

Anyway, Corman had his moment in the sun—or lack thereof. Watching him flail around with that holy mace of his was mildly amusing. I sometimes wonder if he truly believes in all that Lathander hogwash, or if he's just compensating for something. Either way, his flashy light show scared the flying demons stiff. Who knew Corman had it in him? I was half-expecting him to wet himself.

Then there's Thalrok. The mountain man actually managed to blow some demons into the lava with his gust of wind. Impressive. Not that I’ll ever admit it to his face. His gust might have been the only thing keeping us from being demon chow. And Nitya, sobbing like a child. Told us to fight to the death, then crumbles at the helm. Some leader. But at least she managed to steer us away after her little meltdown. Thank the infernal gods for small mercies.

Morty, our skull-faced navigator, took down a demon with those fancy daggers of his. I'd say I'm jealous, but I'd rather drown myself in a vat of whiskey. Speaking of which, I could use a drink. The whole ordeal with those demon scum left a bad taste in my mouth—probably the phantom screams of souls in these cursed carapaces.

The ship of nightmares that pulled up alongside us? Full of familiar faces. Shodak and that Canertath blob. Seems like my past is hell-bent on revisiting us, even in hell. If only I could be rid of these infernal reminders of my mistakes. But for now, we sail onward, leaving their charred remains in our wake. 

If the gods have any sense of justice, they'll let me burn this place to the ground. But they don't, so I’ll settle for surviving another day with this ragtag bunch. Maybe if I keep drinking, I’ll forget why I bother with any of this. 

Until the next catastrophe,

Bog