Another day in this gods-forsaken hellhole, dear so-called journal. Woke up in the Pit of Eternal Servitude, a delightful little necromantic slum sponsored by our gracious hosts, the Thayans. Would've been better off staying passed out, but Corman, our resident sunshine, decided we needed a workout. I gracefully declined with a middle finger salute. Who needs calisthenics when you can lift a mug of embalming fluid disguised as ale?

Met our new undead companion, Morty. Sure, why not? Nothing screams victory in the Thayan games like a rotting spirit who enjoys his second chance on the material plane. At least he didn't try to sell me on calisthenics. 

We paid a visit to Nitya’s apartment to check on Eldrick, our scholar friend. Bumped into Fredrick, who was more than happy to extort gold. Tried to act tough, but Thalrok’s fists and Eirik’s glares sent him packing. Eldrick was a surprise—more excited about our suicidal Kestris declaration than a sane person should be. But hey, that's academics for you.

Then, a trip to a monastery. Oh joy. Burned to the ground when we arrived, courtesy of some fiery lizard bastards. Apparently, they found something worth torching a whole building for. Managed to snag some shiny glowing rock they seemed keen on. The ring on my finger went ice-cold and blessed me with the ability to speak Thayan. Great. Now I can insult the locals in their own language.

Back in the slums, we stumble upon a guard and wizard show with Fredrick playing star guest. Nitya drags me onto a rooftop to look at the harbor, using her magic telescope. Sees a vision of a big, purple boom. Just what this city needs, more chaos. Maybe it'll do us a favor and take the whole city out.

All in all, nothing like watching the day go up in flames. Quite literally. It's a wonder we survived, but then again, I’m too stubborn to die in this cursed land. One thing's for sure: this place never bores. Until next time, journal. Let's hope tomorrow's entertainment doesn't kill us all. Cheers.