Dear Misery Companion,

Well, what a bloody day it's been. I should probably thank the gods or some other celestial imbecile for giving me the gift of speed, but they can shove it where the sun doesn’t shine. I won the Feats of Speed, left those Thayan buffoons eating my dust. Who would've thought a satyr with a penchant for ale could outpace a vampire and a bunch of other so-called champions? Watching them trip over their own feet was the best laugh I've had in ages.

The arcane duel was something else entirely. Nitya turned that abjurer into a crispy critter. I should've been shocked, but truth be told, it was about time someone gave those Thayan spell-slingers a taste of their own medicine. There’s something oddly satisfying in watching them burn, considering what they did to my village. Can’t say I felt a whit of sympathy as her corpse smoldered into ash.

Then there's Eirik, whisked away by those damnable Thayan wizards for who-knows-what. Probably just an excuse to flex their authority. I’d wager he knows less than he did before, judging by his vacant expression upon return. The explosion at the Nameless Tavern has everyone in a tizzy, but let’s be real—it’s Thay. They probably blew themselves up in another one of their harebrained schemes.

The games continue, but there's an underlying tension. Everyone's on edge, and for good reason. We're surrounded by the Thayan elite, and we all know they don't take well to Westerners stealing their thunder. Frankly, I think it's hilarious how they scramble to maintain control. They pretend to be untouchable, but the cracks are showing, and it’s only a matter of time before everything crumbles.

I suppose I should feel some camaraderie with my team, but let’s not kid ourselves. I’m here to win, and if they get in the way, well, that's their problem. Still, there's a certain satisfaction in seeing the Lord's Alliance actually holding their own amidst this chaos. Maybe we’ll come out of this in one piece—or at the very least, with more gold than we started.

Till the next debacle,
Bog