Journal Entry: Day ? of the Infernal Soiree - Performance Preparation

Ah, the sweet scent of sulfur and the sound of souls in torment—truly, a symphony for the senses. Our little jaunt through the underworld continues to unfold in the most entertaining of ways. Today, we found ourselves at the doorstep of the reformatory, a delightful establishment where the damned are refined like aged wine. I do adore the irony; mortals so obsessed with avoiding hell, yet here I am, reveling in its depths.

Our guide, an elf long lost to time, seemed rather perturbed by the news of his home's demise. Can't say I blame him—nothing quite like returning to find your homely little forest in ruins. But enough sentimentality, we have business to attend to. The reformist, Shankarnarth, had a rather straightforward proposition: amuse him with a "performance." Oh, the possibilities! 

One might think a dance, a song, or even a poetic recitation would suffice, but no, our host desires a spectacle of violence. A performance to the death, he claims. The irony isn't lost on me; life and death are but transient states, and here we are, tasked with transforming one into the other for the devil's amusement.

As for myself, I can't help but chuckle at the notion. A beholder, no less, summoned to test our mettle. Its gaze promises to strip away the magical trappings we so rely on. A curious twist in our little theatrical. But fear not, dear journal, for I am more than the sum of my parts. A dead spirit with a penchant for survival; how droll.

Yet, I sense a disturbance within the group. Corman, ever the beacon of morality, seems troubled by our recent pacts and dealings. Poor fellow, he still clings to the notion of 'right' and 'wrong,' failing to see the shades of gray that color our world. I must admit, I do find it amusing. And Eirik, now our Hellsworn warrior, seems quite taken with his new role. Ambition is a fascinating thing to observe.

But back to the matter at hand: the performance. I do wonder how our dance will unfold. Will the beholder be our final act, or merely the prelude to an even grander show? Only time will tell.

Remember, dear journal, life is but a series of stages upon which we perform. And death? Well, it's just the final curtain call. Until next time.

—Morthyros, Observer of the Dance Macabre